README.md, before:

# BapUtilities

Welcome to BapUtilities, a Skyblock mod!

This is our first Minecraft mod, so if there are any bugs or issues with the mod, please open an issue on GitHub or contact us on Discord (Tomassy#1435 or Jerry#3756).
So far, we haven't done much besides thinking about the features.

For more information, please see [https://bap.aspectofjerry.dev](https://bap.aspectofjerry.dev). [https://aspectofjerry.dev/bap](https://aspectofjerry.dev/bap) will be available later.

## Features *(TBD)*

<details>
  <summary>Dungeons</summary>

- Trust feature to let other players take your own party if you go afk.
- Better dragon name in the m7 boss fight (might not happen because there is already a sbe/skytils feature that let you do this).
- Display dragon HP.
- Display dungeon secret route (might not happen or will take a really long time to make).

</details>

## Socials/Discord server *TBD*

<details>
  <summary>Socials</summary>
  
- We don't have one yet lmao.
- Maybe we do hmmmm.
- Maybe not ig?.
</details>

Commit message:

We will try to work on this mod this summer lmao
Skill Issues ig

README.md, after:

# BapUtilities

Welcome to BapUtilities, a Skyblock mod that we will work on this summer even tho we had plans to release it this month (ig we just skill issued)!

This is our first Minecraft mod, so if there are any bugs or issues with the mod, please open an issue on GitHub or contact us on Discord (Tomassy#1435 or Jerry#3756).
So far, we haven't done much besides thinking about the features.

For more information, please see [https://bap.aspectofjerry.dev](https://bap.aspectofjerry.dev). [https://aspectofjerry.dev/bap](https://aspectofjerry.dev/bap) will be available later.

## Features *(TBD)*

<details>
  <summary>Dungeons</summary>

- Trust feature to let other players take your own party if you go afk.
- Better dragon name in the m7 boss fight (might not happen because there is already a sbe/skytils feature that let you do this).
- Display dragon HP.
- Display dungeon secret route (might not happen or will take a really long time to make).

</details>

## Socials/Discord server *TBD*

<details>
  <summary>Socials</summary>
  
- We don't have one yet lmao.
- Maybe we do hmmmm.
- Maybe not ig?.
</details>
